These are the most impressive ancient
Greek sites I've ever seen. The last one
feels impossible. Didima, Turkey. The
largest surviving Greek temple. Four
times larger than the Parthonon. A space
that completely abandons human scale. A
forest of columns and carved reliefs.
Take you to another age. Acropolis of
Athens, Greece. Here architecture is
seen in motion, always from an angle,
never head on. The ki addits, the
smaller temples, all of it exists to
frame the parthonon, the most refined
and beautiful achievement of Greek
architecture.
Delelfi, Greece. The ancient Greeks
believed this was the center of the
universe. Built into a steep mountain
side, every structure is arranged to
frame the landscape and reveal the
sacredness of the site, making the whole
place feel almost unnatural.
But then there's the theater of
Pergaman, Turkey. Following the same
Greek idea of merging architecture and
nature, this one feels impossible. You
enter through a narrow passage that
frames the view. But instead of falling
down the cliff, the massive theater is
suddenly revealed, suspended over the
sacred landscape, completely
overwhelming you.
>> Wow.
Subscribe for more incredible
architecture.